BrightMove
Hire The Right Talent Quickly Today’s Kickoff
Inspiration for Today’s TopicsIntroduce CAB Members (30 mins)
What are we asking of the CAB
Can we get to know you?
Name, Company, Role, Geography
What book are you reading currently?
What music is on shuffle in the car or in iTunes?
How we see the problem (30 mins) 
Initial thoughts on AI, Terms & Tools
Problem Statement
Personas
Framework: Pain points and the impact on business
Solution Concepts: Talent Acquisition Funnel
Prototypes: Discussion on design thoughts
What’s next
Open Discussion (30 mins)
What are we missing?
What are your biggest consumers of time in the hiring process?
What are your biggest areas of waste?
What are your hardest engagement challenges with customers?“Nothing is quite so useless as doing with great
efficiency what should not be done at all.”
Peter F. Drucker Some initial thoughts on AI
Some foundational views
We see AI as a potential Force Multiplier, and we’re not looking at it as a tool to reduce
workforce.  
Tasks once thought to be too labor heavy to take up, can now be accomplished in
seconds.  This presents a new set of things to consider.
We are concerned about authenticity, bias and ethical use, hence our measured rollout.
It is a very exciting time, with rapid evolution and advancement.
Some foundational terminology
Generative AI, LLM, DSM
ChatGPT (OpenAI), CoPilot (Microsoft), Gemini (Google), Grok (X), Claude /Bedrock (AWS)
What is a Workflow? A process with a fixed set of steps
What is an Agent? A dynamic process that works towards an outcome, continuously
looping until achieved. Problem
Slow hiring is costly.  Bad hiring is worse.
Companies take an average of 42 days to fill a position.
Hiring managers struggle to efficiently track job applicants,
leading to delays and poor hiring decisions.  The replacement
cost of a bad hire is between 30%-150% of the original salary.
Job seekers are frustrated and resent the process.
The system is broken. Personas
Candidate Carl
Role: “job seeker”Recruiter Robin
Role: “match maker”Hiring Manager Harry
Role: “hiring decision maker”
“Find the right job for
me with the right
company.”“Reduce the time to
hire of the right
candidate.”“Get my team in
place and project
back on track.” Current challenges: 
Application black holes
Impersonal screening
Delayed updates
Engage solutions: 
Transparent process
Automated status updates
Personalized communication
Recommendations
Framework
Recruiter Robin
Candidate Carl Hiring Manager HarryRecruiter-Candidate EdgeCurrent challenges: 
Misaligned expectations
Slow feedback loops
Fragmented communication tools
Engage solutions: 
Collaborative eval tools
Streamlined feedback mechanisms
Priority alignmentRecruiter-HM Edge
Current challenges: 
Limited direct interaction
Formal / stilted communications
Missed opportunities for
connection
Engage solutions: 
Facilitated authentic engagement
Guided interview process
Contextual communicationHM-Job Seeker Edge
All are using or should
be using AI agents
“A graph of nodes and edges” E n g a g e is a solution that ...
is based on an AI Agentic strategy to
streamline the hiring process
has an agent named Wiz that monitors and
manages all communication channels
optimizes communication timing and content
using natural language
provides a consistent, authentic AI presence
across the entire graph
has an incremental cost based on usage, like
ChatGPT and others
Solution Concepts
BrightMove Engage powered by WizAI Powered Hiring Platform for HR
SOURCING
SCREENING
HIRING
ONBOARDINGGenAI: AI Email Content
GenAI: AI Job Descriptions
Agent: AI Job Completeness
Agent: Email / SMS Campaign
Agent: Application Bot (Wiz)
Agent: AI Submittal Scoring
Agent: Interview Bot (Wiz)
Agent: Candidate Feedback
GenAI: NLP Candidate Search
Agent: Gather New Hire Info
Agent: Manager Feedback
Agent: Onboarding Buddy
Agent: Check-in / WarrantyImagine the scenario with Engage and Wiz...
“A one month period with 100 open jobs & 20:1 candidate to hire ratio” Concept: Wiz Chatbot
Candidate facing, mobile friendly
A simple widget that can be deployed on
any website
Aware of candidate experience portal
AI agent makes personalized
recommendations for candidate’s
consideration
AI agent evaluates candidate’s hiring
journey, time to hire and likely
expectations
Connects to Recruiters & Hiring
Manager’s Inbox
Human in the Loop: Connects Recruiter,
Hiring Manager and Wiz
communications with candidateThoughts & Inspiration
The design of Chatbot comes from
popular tools in the market
Could Wiz bring about a career portal
extinction event? Concept: Inbox
Single page framework with vertical
scrolling
Collapsable D e t a i l s pane
Simple and intuitive message box to
add to conversation
Design aims to reduce clicks and
scrolling
Minimalist approach to component
selection, only what’s needed for task
at handThoughts & Inspiration
The design of Inbox comes from
popular tools in the market CAB KickoffWhat’s Next
Please take the survey and be honest
Next CAB meeting in ~4 weeks: (end of April 2025)
Development Sprint will take up feedback from survey
Feedback 1 Feedback 2 Release 1 Release 2 Release 3March April May June July August
MVP GA Link to Survey
https://forms.gle/PWakQs2P5qJYTyjB6Please provide feedback via the link below. Next Meeting
Date TBD, Jimmy will socialize after survey analysisWe value your honest & 
constructive feedback.
