BrightMove
Hire The Right Talent Quickly Problem
Slow hiring is costly.  Bad hiring is worse.
Companies take an average of 42 days to fill a position.
Hiring managers struggle to efficiently track job applicants,
leading to delays and poor hiring decisions.  The replacement
cost of a bad hire is between 30%-150% of the original salary.
Job seekers are frustrated and resent the process.
The system is broken. Our advanced recruiting platform reduces time to hire and
candidate acquisition costs by 30% with automated job postings,
applicant tracking and robust candidate engagement.
We build software our customers love to use.Solution
Introducing BrightMoveAI Powered Hiring Platform for RPO, PEO & HR 5 Key FeaturesOur core feature allows you to manage large volumes of
applicants efficiently across all of your customers to ensure no
qualified candidate is overlooked.  Use augmented intelligence
and machine learning to match make.
Applicant
Tracking
Com m unicationsJob 
Posting
Hiring Decision
SupportAutomatically advertise job openings
across multiple platforms to attract a
diverse pool of candidates.
Maintain clear and timely communication with
candidates throughout the hiring process to
build a positive employer brand and keep top
talent engaged.Streamline the process of evaluating
candidates, making hiring decisions & sending
offers to ensure positions are filled with the best-
suited candidates.Brand
Managem entEnsure every candidate's first impression
reflects your customer’s brand, building
trust and credibility from the very first
interaction. 0102
BrightMove Engage streamlines the hiring process with advanced
communication, analytics, and administration tools, enhancing
interactions between job seekers, hiring managers, and recruiters. It
ensures efficient, transparent candidate experiences and provides
insights and customizable workflows to boost recruitment efficiency
and employer brandingEngage03
04BrightMove's JobGorilla is an integrated service
that automates the management and marketing of
job postings with a singular goal of optimizing
applicant conversion - to help qualified job seekers
and hiring managers to find each other.  JobGorilla
uses automation and AI to improve this part of the
recruitment process.JobGorillaBrightMove Merge is an integrated platform for customers to
service, manage, and monitor all their customers uniformly. It
combines ATS and HRIS functionalities, offers advanced analytics,
and supports customizable workflows to enhance efficiency,
consistency, and scalability.Merge2025 Roadmap 
BrightMove Wisdom is an integrated data analytics
platform to capture, curate, calculate and consume data
insights from the transactional behavior of the ATS users.
Wisdom combines ATS and 3rd part data to offer a holistic
view of the customer.Wisdom Some thoughts on AI
Some foundational views
We see AI as a potential Force Multiplier, and we’re not looking at it as a tool to reduce
workforce.  
Tasks once thought to be too labor heavy to take up, can now be accomplished in
seconds.  This presents a new set of things to consider.
We are concerned about authenticity, bias and ethical use, hence our measured rollout.
It is a very exciting time, with rapid evolution and advancement.
Some foundational terminology
Generative AI, LLM, DSM
ChatGPT (OpenAI), CoPilot (Microsoft), Gemini (Google), Grok (X), Claude /Bedrock (AWS)
What is a Workflow? A process with a fixed set of steps
What is an Agent? A dynamic process that works towards an outcome, continuously
looping until achieved. Personas
Candidate Carl
Role: “job seeker”Recruiter Robin
Role: “match maker”Hiring Manager Harry
Role: “hiring decision maker”
“Find the right job for
me with the right
company.”“Reduce the time to
hire of the right
candidate.”“Get my team in
place and project
back on track.” Current challenges: 
Application black holes
Impersonal screening
Delayed updates
Engage solutions: 
Transparent process
Automated status updates
Personalized communication
Recommendations
Framework
Recruiter Robin
Candidate Carl Hiring Manager HarryRecruiter-Candidate EdgeCurrent challenges: 
Misaligned expectations
Slow feedback loops
Fragmented communication tools
Engage solutions: 
Collaborative eval tools
Streamlined feedback mechanisms
Priority alignmentRecruiter-HM Edge
Current challenges: 
Limited direct interaction
Formal / stilted communications
Missed opportunities for
connection
Engage solutions: 
Facilitated authentic engagement
Guided interview process
Contextual communicationHM-Job Seeker Edge
All are using or should
be using AI agents
“A graph of nodes and edges” E n g a g e is a solution that ...
is based on an AI Agentic strategy to
streamline the hiring process
has an agent named Wiz that monitors and
manages all communication channels
optimizes communication timing and content
using natural language
provides a consistent, authentic AI presence
across the entire graph
has an incremental cost based on usage, like
ChatGPT and others
Solution Overview
BrightMove Engage powered by WizAI Powered Hiring Platform for HR
SOURCING
SCREENING
HIRING
ONBOARDINGGenAI: AI Email Content
GenAI: AI Job Descriptions
Agent: AI Job Completeness
Agent: Email / SMS Campaign
Agent: Application Bot (Wiz)
Agent: Submittal AI
Agent: Interview Bot
Agent: Candidate Feedback
GenAI: NLP Candidate Search
Agent: Gather New Hire Info
Agent: Manager Feedback
Agent: Onboarding Buddy
Agent: Check-in / WarrantyImagine the scenario with Engage and Wiz...
“A one month period with 100 open jobs & 20:1 candidate to hire ratio” W iz Chatbot
Candidate facing, mobile friendly
A simple widget that can be deployed on
any website
Aware of candidate experience portal
AI agent makes personalized
recommendations for candidate’s
consideration
AI agent evaluates candidate’s hiring
journey, time to hire and likely
expectations
Connects to Recruiters & Hiring
Manager’s Inbox
Human in the Loop: Connects Recruiter,
Hiring Manager and Wiz
communications with candidateThoughts & Inspiration
The design of Chatbot comes from
popular tools in the market Inbox
Single page framework with vertical
scrolling
Collapsable D e t a i l s pane
Simple and intuitive message box to
add to conversation
Design aims to reduce clicks and
scrolling
Minimalist approach to component
selection, only what’s needed for task
at handThoughts & Inspiration
The design of Inbox comes from
popular tools in the market
